feat: removal of deprecated hcl attributes skip, retryable_errors (#5033)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs-starlight/src/content/docs/07-migrate/06-deprecated-attributes.mdx

---
title: Migrating from Deprecated Attributes
description: Learn how to migrate from the deprecated skip and retryable_errors attributes to their modern replacements.
slug: docs/migrate/deprecated-attributes
sidebar:
  order: 6
---

This guide explains how to migrate from the deprecated `skip` and `retryable_errors` attributes to their modern, more powerful replacements.

## Overview

Terragrunt has deprecated two attributes in favor of more flexible block-based configurations:

- **`skip`** → Use the **`exclude`** block instead
- **`retryable_errors`** → Use the **`errors`** block with **`retry`** sub-blocks instead

These new blocks provide more granular control and composability compared to the simple attributes they replace.

## Migrating from `skip` to `exclude`

### Why was `skip` deprecated?

The `skip` attribute was a simple boolean that would skip the entire module. The new `exclude` block provides much more flexibility:

- Skip only specific actions (e.g., only `plan` but not `apply`)

> - Use conditional logic to determine when to skip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use conditional logic to determine when to exclude the unit
```
